# Building momentum for your product

Here are five ways to build momentum and rally the community behind your
product:

**1. Build other products on Assembly**

The best part of Assembly is the community, and the best way to build
relationships is to work with people. When people see that you are smart and
driven, they’ll be thrilled to work with you on your product.

A few more benefits of working on various products:

* It will teach you how Assembly works and how people use it
* You’ll end up with a diverse portfolio of App Coin ownership

There is no question that the most effective way to generate interest in your
product is to work on other products on Assembly.


**2. Get to work building your product.**

Momentum breeds momentum. The more vision and activity that people see, the
more excited they’ll be to dive into a product. Also, clear communication of
completed and upcoming work will help someone get a great grasp of what you’re
doing and how they can help.


**3. Organize your work**

In addition to starting to build your product, it’s also important to lay out
your ideas. That means starting discussions, creating bounties and organizing
them within projects, and posting updates to your product blog.

*Tip: Keep your bounties clear, and small in scope. That makes it easy for
newcomers to know how to get moving.*

**4. Documentation**

On a technical level, it is always best to have an on boarding process to
educate new users about the workings of the product. Whatever has been built
already, how does it work? What is the technical structure of the app that has
been built (or will be built)? A technical on boarding guide, if even a short
one, can dramatically simplify the process of bringing new potential
contributors up to speed.


**4. Bring your friends**

We all have that talented friend we love working with. Or the talented friend
we’ve always *wanted* to work with. Here’s your chance. And, you can even tip
your friend a few App Coins so they have a small stake in the product before
they arrive.


**5. Let us know**

The Assembly team gets inbounds all the time from great people who would love
to find a great team to work with. Hop into [General
chat](http://assembly.com/chat/general) and tell us what skills and backgrounds
you’re looking for – we’ll try our best to send people your way.

As always, the best thing to do is to do what you best: make stuff.

# Roadmap

As a leader of your product, it’s important to talk about your roadmap and post
regular updates to it. Here are a few pertinent things to include:

- People: Who’s involved? Who do you need?
- Work: What’s happened so far? What’s coming up next?
- Tech: What are you using? What might you use?
- Vision: Where is this product going? Has that changed?
- Monetization: How will you make money?

# Etiquette

If you want to work on a bounty, first see if it looks like anyone else has
been working on it. If not, it’s probably fair game for you to jump in.

If someone has indicated they are working on it but you get the sense they may
have moved on, the best thing to do is ask. Sometimes things come up and people
can’t finish something they wanted to finish – that’s ok, but it’s always best
to communicate.

# Community values

**Creating community, products, and fun.**

That’s pretty much the point of Assembly. These are not rules, they’re simply a
reflection of the values and characteristics we’ve seen help the community
thrive so far. Let us know what you think.

**Friendliness**

Enabling a diversity of opinion is a huge part of why we are building Assembly.
But, we believe in positive, constructive debate. Please try not to be a jerk.
We’ll try too.

**Inclusion**

This is not a developer community or a designer community or a Silicon Valley
community. The more welcoming we are to everyone, the better off we’ll all be.


**Education** We all have a lot to teach, but even more to learn. Let’s seek to
always keep learning, and never skip an opportunity to teach someone something
new.

**Fairness**

Fair distribution of ownership is baked into Assembly in many ways, but it’s
not always perfect. Showing respect for people’s time and work in a fair way
can help make Assembly a better place to build products.

**Excellence**

This doesn’t mean denouncing anyone who falls short of perfection. It just
means striving for excellence and helping those around you do the same.

**Transparency**

Openness is in the DNA of Assembly as a platform, and has also emerged as a
core value of the community. It helps catalyze serendipity, civilize disputes,
and improve progress.

**Fun**

Some of us are here to learn. Others to build large businesses that we can
retire on. Others to build products that solve our own problems. No matter why
you’re here, we hope you have fun.

**Collaboration**

Collaboration is what makes Assembly special. Not all of us are accustomed to
working in such a collaborative environment, but when we open up to it, magic
can happen.



# Ideas

At its inception, a great product idea can often look like anything but a great
product idea. Except in rare cases, your idea is only as strong as your
execution of it. That said, there are some tactics that might help you come up
with ideas, test them, and decide if they are worth pursuing.

Even the most seasoned entrepreneurs and investors know that it’s hard to
predict the success of a new product. A great way to improve your chances of
success is to talk about what you’re building and launch a version of it as
soon as you can.

As a direct result of building Helpful in public, the team got early feedback
and validation from potential customers – including ]someone who worked in
customer support at Airbnb](https://assembly.com/helpful/discussions/457) for
three years.

*Coming up with ideas*

Most great products are a solution to a problem. The easiest problems to solve
tend to be the ones you have yourself, but you might also be able to solve
other people’s problems.

It turns out that looking for problems can be much easier than looking for
ideas. Anytime you notice something clunky, slow, inefficient or expensive —
think about whether you could make it better with software.

[Helpful](http://assembly.com/helpful), a product on Assembly, started this
way. [@RBG](http://twitter.com/ilikevests) had chosen Gmail over any of the
existing support tools while building [Wufoo](http://wufoo.com), because
everything else on the market was slow and bloated. He just wanted a simple
support tool that worked like an inbox. So, the community built Helpful to
solve Kevin’s problem.

Looking at behemoth software products can also be a great source of ideas.
Sometimes, you might be able to compete with their full offering – but more
often, you can pick off a small segment of their solution and do it better and
cheaper than they do. This is a great way to break into a market.

In 2011, when Facebook and Twitter were both at-scale networks with
photo-sharing capabilities, it might not have made much sense to launch a photo
sharing service. But by focusing on sharing photos on mobile and nothing else,
Instagram was able to break off a big enough piece of the social networking
space that Facebook paid a billion dollars to own it.

Once you have an idea, you’ll need to be able to pitch it well.


# Pitch

Your pitch is not just for customers — you also need to a convincing case for
talented people to join in and build with you.

What are the keys to this?

*Show that you’re solving a real problem*

Demonstrating that you are solving a real problem is a great way to refine both
your idea and your pitch. This could be a personal anecdote, a blog post rant
that complains about the problem you solve, or a list of early customers
already signed up and eager to use your service.

If your plan is to compete with an existing product by staying lean and
efficient, then explain just how your idea will cost so much less than the
competitors that you’ll be able to differentiate on price in a meaningful way.

*Talk about your plan*

Are you going to build for the web? Or will you be mobile-first? Why have you
chosen that path? Have you chosen the platform that will make the most sense
for your users given the problem you’re solving?

When do you hope to ship the beta? How will you reach your early customers?

*Challenges*

Every product faces big challenges. The best thing you can do is try to be
aware of them so you can address them.

Is there a competitor who might move into the space you’re hoping to fill? Is
there a complex technical challenge that you aren’t sure you’ll be able to
tackle? Is your idea so new that a good amount of user education will be
required?

*Clarity*

A good pitch is concise and clear. Say what you want to say in plain English,
and in as few words as you can.

# Team communication

Communication is key to collaborative development.

**1. Chat**

Your product’s chat room is a perpetual forum for any discussion around the
product. This is a great place to share small updates with the team, to
coordinate schedules and roadmaps, to share relevant articles, or to get to
know one another.

If you’re on the Core Team, it’s your responsibility to be somewhat responsive
in chat. This is where newcomers will be introducing themselves, and you have
the opportunity to welcome them and help find interesting work to dive into.

**2. Posts**

When a topic needs a bit more input from the community, you can write a post.

It could be about the risks/benefits of using a specific framework or
technology, it could be a brainstorm around a tagline or feature name, or it
could be a discussion about locking in a launch date.

**3. Meetings**

Several teams on Assembly have recently been using Hangouts on Air for a weekly
planning meeting — and this has been really effective and created a noticeable
increase in development speed.

Holding a meeting can benefit your team in many ways:

* Clarification of ideas and vision
* Opportunities for differing opinions and ideas to emerge
* A chance to celebrate recent wins
* Motivating people around upcoming work
* Getting to know each other on a more personal level

Hangouts on Air is a great product for these meetings because it’s fast and
easy, and the meeting is automatically recorded and uploaded to YouTube for
anyone who missed the meeting. But, there are lots of other great tools out
there.


# Tools

Assembly is a robust tool, offering features for collaboration, communication
and growth of your business. However, there are lots of great tools available
on the web that compliment Assembly well. Here are a few favorites:

[**Screenhero**](http://screenhero.com/)

Screenhero is fantastic for collaboration and pairing. It’s the easiest
screen-sharing product we’ve ever used. Rather than scheduling meetings or
coordinating over email, Screenhero works like a messaging app. Just click
someone’s username, and they’ll receive a prompt to enter screen-sharing.

We’ve seen the Assembly community leverage Screenhero to help ramp new people
up on a product, to iterate on designs and to code side-by-side.

[**Hangouts on Air**](http://www.google.com/+/learnmore/hangouts/onair.html)

Hangouts on Air works just like Google Hangouts, with two key differences: the
Hangout is broadcast live, and it is recorded and uploaded to YouTube.

The teams working on [Helpful](http://assembly.com/helpful) and
[Coderwall](http://assembly.com/coderwall) have been using Hangouts on Air for
weekly planning/update meetings, and it’s highly effective because people who
can’t make the meeting can catch up via YouTube later on.

[**QuickCast**](http://quickcast.io/)

QuickCast is the easiest way to create short (3 minute) screencasts. Once
you’ve installed their Mac app, all you have to do is open it up and press
record.

Short screencasts are a really great way to dig through code, demonstrate
features and UX flows, and kick off a discussion.

[**LiceCap**](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/)

We’ve all noticed the comeback of animated GIFs across the web, especially in
the world of memes. However, GIFs are also a lean, fast way to share
information. LiceCap is an easy way to make short screencasts into animated
GIFs.

Whether you need to explain something in a bounty, demo features for a journal
entry, or demonstrate a UI implementation, GIFs can be a fast, easy way to make
screenshots more informative.