---
title: Why should I share an idea?
---
Assembly recognizes great ideas are important to making great apps. If your idea gets built on Assembly by the community, you'll earn 5% of all future net proceeds generated by the app. We send out payments monthly.

On top of that, you can contribute to the app's development and earn more, so you have two ways to make money from your idea. Each app benefits when programmers, graphic designers, PR and those in marketing, and other contributors come together.

---
title: Will someone steal my idea?
---
Ideas become great apps with extensive hard work and the sum of many good decisions. Without this execution, ideas themselves are too conceptional to be stolen and be valuable on their own. Additionally Assembly's large talented community is in the best position to do this maintain the first mover advantage.


The Assembly Terms of service also prohibits the use of Assembly content, including ideas, outside of the Assembly platform.

---
title: Who owns the intellectual property?
---
Assembly enables each of our members to make a virtually limitless number of contributions to each app.  As a result, each app may be comprised of hundred or even thousands of different ideas and contributions, each with a different owner.  Protecting the intellectual property rights of the hundreds of contributors to each app is virtually impossible if each contributor retains ownership of their contribution. Thus, in order to promote the common good, Assembly retains all intellectual property derived from Assembly apps on behalf of our members, in order to protect the interests of our members and to maximum the returns derived from the sale of the commercialized apps. However, Assembly also recognizes that our members should also have the right to use their ideas in other contexts. As a result, we give our members a license back to their content to give them the flexibility to use their intellectual property in other ways, as long as is not for commercial purposes.

---
title: What if I have an IP agreement with my employer?
---
Some employers automatically claim the right to all intellectual property you create while working for them, even if it's on your own time. If your employer has such a clause in its terms of employment, they could claim any app coins you earn on Assembly. Check with your company's HR department if you're unsure.


---
title: Who is legally responsible for each product?
---

Assembly.